doc/md: remove usage of `remote_dir` data source (#2655)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/cloud/deployment.mdx

## Deploying migrations from Atlas Cloud

> To deploy migrations directly from your cloud account, use the `atlas://` scheme in the `migration.dir` field of your `atlas.hcl` configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read the migrations directory from the [Schema Registry](https://atlasgo.io/cloud/features/registry), use the `atlas://` scheme in the migration URL as follows:
```

  }

> }

Reviewer: `cloud token` is not block needed. Change it to: `ATLAS_TOKEN` env variable instead.
